[docs] Updating links to guides (#5795)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/api/acl-legacy.html.md

# ACL HTTP API

These `/acl` endpoints create, update, destroy, and query ACL tokens in Consul. For more information about ACLs, please see the 

> [ACL Guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/consul/security-networking/production-acls).

Reviewer: I wonder if there is a `middleman` way to have a list of general named links stored somewhere that can be referred to from other docs to avoid having to inline them all over the place like this.

Reviewer 2: pinging @jescalan for any ideas ^

Author: The downside of storing them separately is the possible confusing of figuring out where a link goes. It could add another step when editing docs too, editors would need to go to another file to track down links.

datacenter. This is intended to be used by operators, or by automation checking
the health of ACL replication.

> Please see the agent configuration [documentation](/docs/agent/options.html#acl_enable_token_replication) for replication

Reviewer: This is the wrong link. You can have replication without token replication (just replicating policies and roles).

One of these is likely more suitable. They are both for configuring the token used for _doing_ replication:

* `/docs/agent/options.html#acl_tokens_replication`
* `/docs/agent/options.html#enable_acl_replication`

Author: Updated to the new ACL Replication guide.

> Please see the agent configuration [documentation](/docs/agent/options.html#acl_enable_token_replication) for replication

Author: ```suggestion
Please see the [ACL Replication Guide](https://learn.hashicorp.com/consul/day-2-operations/acl-replication) for more details. 
```
